This files is just a place to put some thoughts on the cleaning done on this branch. The main impetus for this project
has been our troubles with creating and estimating new models. Specifically, here are a few of the issues:

1. Statements like `if subspec(m) >= 59` make it such that models that we make in the future often inherent model
   features that we aren't aware of. If we are consciously aware of everything that gets inherited then this isn't that
   big of a problem but it's very difficult to keep track of everything.

2. We felt as if having subspec contingent ways to build up the model in m1002.jl was not very clean/organized in the
   most interpretable way. It should be more like m1002.jl builds the base model and then we call a different subspec
   focused file that makes all the subspec specific changes. The same thing would ideally be the case for other files
   that relate to the structure of the model such as augment_states.jl or observables.jl or eqcond.jl.

3. Some old specfiles in the range of 59 to change the model a lot in the specfile itself. This is the same problem that
   we had for our ss97 model that motivated us to make the ss104 cleanspec.

4. The general organization of all the if statements were a bit intractable. Made it difficult to really pin down which
   were all the components that applied to our model in question because we had to search in many places.


The changes in this branch (that will also be pushed onto the main branch as well) will reflect changes in the codebase
for building models that addresses each of the problems in some manner. As a summary, the main changes include moving
all the subspec and setting based if statements from all of the files in the folder into either subspecs.jl or
subspecs_builder.jl. Each of these if statements are also organized better such that you only need to look at one place
for all of the settings/changes that are relevant for one given subspec.

To solve the unintended inheritance problem, all the if statements that don't explicitly apply to a finite set of subspecs
have been changed to only be settings based and the inheritance of this setting has been displaced to init_subspec_settings!
